# Grazioso-ServiceAnimal-After-Enhancements-Narrative

This artifact is the Grazioso Service Animal project. It allows users to add and reserve service dogs and service monkeys. This was created during my studies in course IT 145. I selected this artifact because I want to showcase my software engineering and design skills by rewriting the program in the Python language. My clear code comments and variable names show my skills in creating maintainable and understandable code. My exception handling also shows that I have skills at implementing security measures in my projects. I also improved my artifact by setting parameters around which countries and animal training statuses are available as well as fully implementing the reserve animal function which hadn't been implemented when the project was written in Java. 

With this code I planned to meet course requirements of employing strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision-making in the field of computer science and design, develop, and deliver professional-quality oral, written and visual communications that are coherent, technically sound, and appropriately applied to specific audiences and contexts. One thing I have learned since I began my role as a Jr. Software Developer is how crucial well-commented code is. I'm often working with legacy code in visual basic .net (vb.net) and it can sometimes be extremely difficult to decode what the original developer intended specific classes or functions to do in the program. Since getting this experience, my goal when I write code is that someone who is not familiar with the programming language I am working in will be able to understand what specific areas of my code is doing. This also encourages a collaborative environment in that it makes it simpler for other developers to perform code reviews and future updates to the project. I also implemented the course requirement of developing a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources. I did this through implementing error handling that would prevent crashing and injection attacks. 

As I've updated this project, I've grown in my skills at commenting and creating easily maintainable projects. I've enjoyed getting to review a project that I made early in my studies and enhance it in ways that I hadn't learned at the time of its original creation. It's been a reassuring process to see all that I have taken away from my studies in computer science.
